Chumley: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Syrus: YUGI'S DECK
IS GOING ON TOUR,
AND THE FIRST STOP
IS DUEL ACADEMY.
AAH!
CROWLER?
I KNOW THIS LOOKS BAD,
BUT BELIEVE ME,
I DIDN'T STEAL THE DECK.
WHICH WOULD MEAN,
THE REAL THIEF
IS STILL OUT THERE.
Dimitri: NOW THAT I HAVE
THE GREATEST DECK,
I'LL BE THE GREATEST DUELIST.
ALL RIGHT,
YOU THIEF.
HAND OVER THE DECK
RIGHT NOW, DIMITRI!
I'M YUGI, AND IF YOU
WANT THIS DECK BACK,
YOU'LL HAVE TO PROVE
I'M NOT.
GET YOUR GAME ON!
THE LEGENDARY
DARK MAGICIAN OF CHAOS!
SCEPTER STRIKE!
UHH!
JUST FACE IT.
THIS DECK AND I
FIT PERFECTLY.
NOT IF I
CAN HELP IT.
[THINKING]
'COURSE TO BE HONEST,
I DON'T KNOW
IF I CAN.
AGAINST THE KING
OF GAMES,
GETTING YOUR GAME ON
MAY NOT BE ENOUGH.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER WORKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX, GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ LET'S GO, GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[CHUCKLING]
JADEN IS IN DEEP TROUBLE!
UNFORTUNATELY, SYRUS,
THAT'S THE UNDERSTATEMENT
OF THE YEAR.
LOOK WHAT HE HAS TO
CONTEND AGAINST--
THE DARK MAGICIAN OF CHAOS,
FULL LIFE POINTS,
THE KING OF GAME'S DECK.
THE TROUBLE ISN'T DEEP,
IT'S SUBTERRANEAN!
I'VE GOT TO GET MY GAME ON.
NOT ONLY DOES THIS GUY
HAVE YUGI'S DECK,
BUT HE THINKS HE'S YUGI.
AND THE ONLY WAY
I'M GONNA SET HIM
STRAIGHT
IS BY BEATIN' HIM.
WELL, I ALWAYS DID WANNA
SEE HOW I STACKED UP
AGAINST MY IDOL.
GUESS THIS COULD BE
AS CLOSE AS I GET!
MY TURN!
HUH?
WINGED KURIBOH?!
[SQUEAK]
ARE YOU SURE?!
THIS COULD
GET ROUGH,
AND WE ARE GOIN'
AGAINST YOUR OLD
MASTER'S MONSTERS!
[SQUEAK]
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
I PLAY MY PAL
WINGED KURIBOH!
AND WHILE HE'S CHILLIN'
IN DEFENSE MODE,
I'LL ALSO THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN!
WINGED KURIBOH?
GOOD TO SEE YOU!
OF COURSE,
THERE'S NOTHING QUITE
LIKE THE ORIGINAL!
SAY "HI," KURIBOH!
TWO KURIBOHS?
BUT FIRST THINGS FIRST,
JADEN.
DARK MAGICIAN OF CHAOS,
ATTACK BURSTINATRIX!
HA! I'VE GOT A TRAP!
SUPER JUNIOR
CONFRONTATION!
YEAH, I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE THINKIN'.
SOUNDS KINDA WEAK,
DOESN'T IT?
WELL, THAT'S
JUST THE POINT,
THIS TRAP CALLS OFF
YOUR MAGICIAN'S ATTACK
AND FORCES BOTH
OF OUR WEAKEST MONSTERS
TO DO BATTLE--
WEAKEST IN POINTS,
THAT IS.
SO IT'S GONNA BE
YOUR KURIBOH
AGAINST MINE!
A HAIRBALL
BATTLE ROYALE!
HA. YOU GOT OFF EASY,
BUT NEXT TURN,
YOU WON'T.
I END WITH A FACEDOWN.
[THINKING]
WINGED KURIBOH TOOK ONE
FOR THE TEAM THERE.
LOSING BURSTINATRIX WOULD
HAVE PUT JADEN IN A TOUGH SPOT.
MY GO!
AND I PLAY POT OF GREED!
IT LETS ME DRAW TWO CARDS,
AND THEY'RE TWO SWEET ONES!
HOPE YA LIKE PLAYIN'
WITH BUBBLES
CUZ I'M SUMMONIN'
ELEMENTAL HERO BUBBLEMAN!
AND I'LL PLAY
A FIELD SPELL--
ONE YA MIGHT NEED
A HARD HAT FOR!
SKYSCRAPER!
WHAT THE--?!
WHAT'S THE MEANING
OF THESE BUILDINGS?!
MEANING?
TO KICK YOUR BUTT, DIMITRI!
THAT'S RIGHT, CUZ HERE,
AN ELEMENTAL HERO GAINS
A THOUSAND ATTACK POINTS
IF IT'S WEAKER THAN
THE MONSTER IT'S ATTACKING!
BUT, THAT WOULD
MEAN THAT...
YOU'RE IN TROUBLE!
ESPECIALLY SINCE
I'M GONNA PLAY THIS,
TOO--
THE EQUIP SPELL
BUBBLE BLASTER!
AND THIS THING
PACKS SOME POP!
800 POINTS WORTH!
PLUS, IF BUBBLEMAN
EVER GETS ATTACKED,
BUBBLE BLASTER TAKES
THE HIT FOR HIM!
NOW TO GIVE HIM THOSE
EXTRA ATTACK POINTS
AND NOW...
TO USE 'EM!
LET'S GO, BUBBLEMAN!
CLEAN THAT KURIBOH'S CLOCK!
BUT WHICH KURIBOH?
UH-OH.
I PLAY THE MAGIC CARD
MULTIPLY!
WHAT THE--?!
NOW THERE ARE 4 OF THEM?
THAT'S CORRECT.
BY SACRIFICING
ONE KURIBOH,
I CAN NOW SUMMON
KURIBOH TOKENS
ON ALL OPEN SPACES
IN MY MONSTER CARD ZONE.
OF COURSE, YOUR BLAST
IS STILL IN PLAY...
BUT ITS SIGNIFICANCE
HAS BEEN DEFLATED.
FINE. THEN I'LL
JUST END MY TURN
BY THROWIN' DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
VERY WELL!
AND I'LL THROW THIS--
THE MAGICAL CARD OF SANCTITY!
IT FORCES
EACH OF US TO DRAW
UNTIL WE BOTH HAVE
6 CARDS IN OUR HAND!
EXCELLENT.
I DREW THE MONSTER WATAPON!
YOU SEE, IF WATAPON
IS DRAWN TO MY HAND
BY WAY OF MAGIC, TRAP,
OR MONSTER EFFECT,
I CAN SUMMON IT
TO THE FIELD.
BUT STILL, HE WON'T
BE OUT FOR LONG
BECAUSE NOW I'M GOING
TO SACRIFICE HIM
AND BRING OUT...
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
WOW, SHE'S EVEN CUTER
IN PERSON!
SHE HAS BEAUTY
AND BRAWN.
YOU SEE, FOR EVERY
DARK MAGICIAN
IN THE GRAVEYARD,
SHE GAINS 300
ATTACK POINTS!
AND ON THE SUBJECT
OF DARK MAGICIANS,
DON'T FORGET
ABOUT THIS ONE--
DARK MAGICIAN OF CHAOS!
ATTACK!
NOW WHAT HE STARTED,
SHE'LL FINISH.
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
DARK BURNING ATTACK!
UHH!
THE HEART OF THE CARDS
ARE INDEED POWERFUL,
AREN'T THEY, JADEN?
ALL RIGHT.
SO YOU GOT ME WITH
A COUPLE GOOD SHOTS.
NOW IT'S MY TURN!
YOUR TURN?
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT!
TO RETURN THE FAVOR.
AND WITH THIS CARD
I JUST DREW,
I'LL BE ABLE TO
RETURN IT AND THEN SOME!
I FUSE AVIAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
TO SUMMON THE ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
BUT I'M NOT DONE!
NEXT I PLAY THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE!
IT LETS ME BRING BACK
A PAST WARRIOR MONSTER,
LIKE SPARKMAN!
AND DON'T FORGET
SKYSCRAPER'S STILL OUT,
WHICH MEANS FLAME WINGMAN
GETS AN EXTRA THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS IN BATTLE!
BUT WAIT.
3,100 ATTACK POINTS,
THAT'S--
YEP! ENOUGH TO TAKE OUT
YOUR MAGICIAN--
EITHER ONE.
BUT SINCE
I HAVE A SOFT SPOT
FOR THE GIRL,
WE'LL START
WITH HIM.
UHH!
OH, YEAH!
AND I ALSO HAVE
WINGMAN'S SUPER POWER!
IT CAUSES YOU
TO TAKE DAMAGE
TO YOUR LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO
THE ATTACK POINTS OF
YOUR DESTROYED MONSTER!
TAKE THAT, YUGI,
DIMITRI--
WHATEVER
YOUR NAME IS!
WAY TO PLAY, JAY!
NICE WORK!
CRAZY! I'M BEATIN'
YUGI'S DECK!
[THINKING]
SIMPLY REMARKABLE.
DIMITRI IS DUELING JUST
AS THE KING OF GAMES WOULD,
YET JADEN
IS STAYING COMPETITIVE.
WINNING, EVEN!
SURE, HE WAS A BIT OVERWHELMED
AT FIRST BY YUGI'S DECK,
BUT NOW HE'S REALLY
TURNED THINGS AROUND.
WHO KNOWS,
MAYBE ONE DAY HIS DECK
WILL BE GOING ON TOUR
RIGHT BESIDE YUGI'S,
ASSUMING HE CAN
WIN IT BACK, THAT IS.
SPARKMAN, ATTACK!
SPARK STORM!
NEXT I'LL THROW DOWN
TWO FACEDOWNS
AND USE THE SPELL CARD
EMERGENCY PROVISIONS!
NOW BY SACRIFICIN'
ONE A' THOSE FACEDOWNS,
I GET BACK
A THOUSAND LIFE POINTS!
SWEET, DONTCHA THINK?
[THINKING]
HA HA, BUT NOT AS SWEET
AS WHAT'S ABOUT
TO HAPPEN.
I MEAN, ONE MORE ATTACK,
AND I'LL HAVE BEATEN
THE KING OF GAME'S DECK!
JADEN! HE'S ALL YOURS.
YOU'VE GOT IT!
YOU HAVE NOTHING!
MY DECK IS PREPARED
FOR ALL CONTINGENCIES!
FIRST, I'LL SWITCH
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
TO DEFENSE MODE.
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
SPIDER WEB!
OH!
IT ALLOWS ME
TO TAKE ONE OF THE CARDS
YOU SENT TO YOUR
GRAVEYARD LAST TURN,
AND PLACE IT DIRECTLY
INTO MY HAND!
AND SOON IT WILL GO DIRECTLY
INTO MY LIFE POINTS...
BECAUSE I CHOSE
EMERGENCY PROVISIONS!
NEXT, I'LL PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN.
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
MONSTER REINCARNATION!
AND NEXT, I'LL MAKE
3 SACRIFICES,
WHICH LETS ME PLAY
EMERGENCY PROVISIONS.
FINALLY,
THANKS TO REINCARNATION,
I'LL TAKE BACK
THE KURIBOH I JUST LOST!
SO, DID YOU FOLLOW
ALL OF THAT?!
NOT A WORD OF IT!
WELL, I DID.
SWEET MOVES.
BUT THEY WON'T SAVE YOU
FROM THE FLAME WINGMAN!
SKYDIVE SCORCHER!
UHH!
AND DON'T FORGET
HIS SUPER POWER!
YOU GET HIT FOR DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THE
ATTACK POINTS OF
THE DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
AAH!
[GROANING]
GOOD THING I PADDED
MY POINTS LAST TURN.
YEAH? WELL, GOOD THING
I HAVE A COUPLE
A' ATTACKS LEFT!
I USE THE SPELL CARD
DE-FUSION!
NOW, FLAME WINGMAN, DEFUSE!
MY! JADEN'S IMPRESSING
MORE AND MORE EVERY TURN!
WHAT SKILLFUL PLAY!
NOW HE'LL BE ABLE TO ATTACK
WITH EACH MONSTER SEPARATELY!
AVIAN, ATTACK!
TALON TEAR!
AND NOW
BURSTINATRIX!
FLARE STORM!
NOW, THAT'S HOW YOU DUEL!
LISHUS!
ONE MORE ATTACK,
AND HE'LL NAIL
DIMITRI'S
LIFE POINTS!
YES, AND WITH SPARKMAN
ON THE FIELD,
HIS NEXT ATTACK
WILL BE RIGHT NOW!
ALL RIGHT! YUGI'S DECK'S
ABOUT TO BE SAVED!
AND JADEN'S
ABOUT TO BE ONE
OF THE FEW GUYS
WHO BEAT IT!
GO, SPARKMAN!
ATTACK!
[CHUCKLING]
NOW, SPARKMAN!
SPARK STORM!
SORRY, BUT YOU'RE
FORGETTING ABOUT
SOMEONE--KURIBOH!
WHAT THE--?!
BY DISCARDING KURIBOH
FROM MY HAND,
I DON'T TAKE ANY DAMAGE
FROM SPARKMAN'S LITTLE
FIREWORK DISPLAY!
GOOD THING
MONSTER REINCARNATION
LET ME BRING HIM BACK
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
LAST TURN.
OH, YEAH. MY BAD.
THANK YOU, KURIBOH.
THAT MOVE TAKES ME BACK
TO OUR DUEL
AGAINST SETO KAIBA
AT BATTLE CITY.
THOSE WERE SOME GOOD TIMES,
WEREN'T THEY, OLD FRIEND?
[SQUEAK]
BATTLE CITY?!
THIS GUY'S GONE BATTY!
SY, JUST SMILE
AND NOD,
SMILE AND NOD.
NOW THEN.
LET'S CONTINUE THIS--
FOR KURIBOH!
HIS FALL
WON'T BE IN VAIN!
PERFECT!
THE HEART OF THE CARDS
HAS SERVED ME AGAIN!
I REMOVE ONE DARK MONSTER
AND ONE LIGHT MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
PAUSE'N REWIND!
YOU'RE REMOVING THEM,
WHY, DIMITRI?
I'VE NEVER SEEN THIS.
IS IT A SUMMONING?!
NAH,
THERE'S NO WAY!
AH! YOU'RE WRONG.
THERE IS A WAY!
THERE ARE TWO MONSTERS
THAT CAN BE SUMMONED
LIKE THIS.
TWO RARE CARDS
OF SUCH POWER.
DUELISTS HAVE SCOURED
THE WORLD OVER
TO ADD THEM
TO THEIR COLLECTION.
THE FIRST IS CHAOS
EMPEROR DRAGON--
ENVOY OF THE END.
A CARD SO VERY POWERFUL,
IT HAS BEEN OUTLAWED
IN OFFICIAL DUEL MONSTERS
TOURNAMENTS.
THE SECOND HAS POWER
COMPARABLE TO
THE CHAOS EMPEROR,
BUT HAS NEVER BEEN
FORBIDDEN ON ACCOUNT
OF ITS SCARCITY.
IN FACT, SOME SAY
NOT A SINGLE ONE
STILL EXISTS!
OH? WELL,
THEY'RE WRONG
BECAUSE I HAVE ONE
RIGHT HERE!
BLACK LUSTER SOLDIER--
ENVOY OF THE BEGINNING!
SO THEN YUGI REALLY
DID HAVE THAT CARD!
[ROAR]
I ALWAYS THOUGHT
IT WAS JUST A RUMOR.
I'M AFRAID NOT.
THIS CARD'S BEEN A PART
OF MY DECK FOR A LONG TIME,
BUT I ONLY TAKE HIM OUT
FOR SPECIAL OCCASIONS.
LIKE NOW!
LUSTER BLADE ATTACK!
UHH! THAT HURT!
WELL, THAT WAS
JUST THE BEGINNING!
NOW I'LL SHOW YOU
THE TRUE POWER OF THIS CARD!
YOU SEE,
IF THE BLACK LUSTER SOLDIER
IS ABLE TO DESTROY
YOUR MONSTER IN BATTLE,
HE'S ALLOWED
TO ATTACK AGAIN!
NO WAY!
AW, MAN.
NOW I'M STARTING TO SEE
WHY MONSTERS LIKE THIS
ARE OUTLAWED!
AND NOW!
BLACK LUSTER SOLDIER,
END THIS!
HE'S THROUGH!
JADEN'S LIFE POINTS
CAN'T WITHSTAND
ANOTHER HIT!
IT'S OVER!
NOT YET--
I PLAY THE CARD
HERO SPIRIT!
[ROARING]
WHAT'S THIS?!
IT'S NOT THE END
OF THE DUEL
CUZ IF A HERO
IS DESTROYED AND I
PLAY HERO SPIRIT,
I CAN TURN ALL
THE DAMAGE RECEIVED
FROM YOUR MONSTER
TO ZERO!
FINE, THEN.
I'LL JUST FINISH YOU OFF
NEXT TURN.
THE HEART OF THE CARDS
WILL SEE TO THAT!
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
HE MAY BE RIGHT.
YUGI'S DECK
IS JUST SO POWERFUL.
I THOUGHT
I COULD WIN,
BUT NOW,
I DON'T KNOW.
HUH?
[SQUEAK]
KURIBOH.
SORRY,
BUT WHAT CAN I DO?
HE'S GOT THE HEART
OF THE CARDS
ON HIS SIDE.
UHH! OW! OH!
[SQUEAKING]
WHADAYA MEAN, NO?
COME ON,
THAT'S YUGI'S DECK!
OH!
[THINKING]
WAIT A SEC!
THAT'S IT!
THAT'S
YUGI'S DECK!
THERE'S NO WAY
THE HEART OF THE CARDS
CAN BE ON
DIMITRI'S SIDE!
THE HEART OF THE CARDS
COMES FROM BELIEVING
IN YOUR OWN CARDS,
NOT SOMEONE'S
YOU STOLE!
AND I BELIEVE
IN MY DECK,
SO IF THE HEART
OF THE CARDS
IS ON ANYONE'S SIDE,
IT'S ON MINE!
HA! HUH...
SORRY, DIMITRI,
BUT I BELIEVE!
WHAT?!
I ACTIVATE
SILENT DOOM!
THIS VERY HANDY
SPELL CARD ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON ONE MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
SO COME ON BACK,
AVIAN!
NEXT,
I'LL PLAY THIS--
IT'S CALLED
DOUBLE SPELL!
NOW BY DISCARDIN'
ONE SPELL CARD
FROM MY HAND,
I CAN USE ONE SPELL CARD
FROM MY OPPONENT'S
GRAVEYARD!
IF YA NEED MORE INFO,
JUST LOOK IN
THE OFFICIAL RULE BOOK
UNDER THE HEADING,
"HOW'D I LOSE?"
SOUNDS LIKE JADEN'S
GOT SOMETHING PLANNED!
SO, I'LL DISCARD THIS
AND HELP MYSELF
TO YOUR POLYMERIZATION!
AAH!
NOW I'LL FUSE AVIAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
TO CREATE MY DECK'S
HEADLINER ONE MORE TIME--
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
AND SINCE MY SKYSCRAPER
FIELD CARD IS STILL OUT,
HE GAINS AN EXTRA
1,000 ATTACK POINTS!
NOW, FLAME WINGMAN!
ATTACK BLACK LUSTER SOLDIER
WITH SKYDIVE SCORCHER!
OH! HE'S GONE.
MY LUSTER SOLDIER'S GONE!
DON'T SWEAT IT,
HE WAS NEVER YOURS
TO BEGIN WITH.
BESIDES, IF YA WANNA
WORRY ABOUT SOMETHIN',
WORRY ABOUT WINGMAN'S
SUPER POWER!
IT MAKES IT SO ALL
YOUR DESTROYED MONSTERS'
ATTACK POINTS
ARE DEALT AS DAMAGE
TO YOU!
AAH!
[GASPING]
THAT'S GAME!
AND THE END OF YOU
USIN' THAT DECK!
I'VE BEEN BEATEN.
UHH...
EVEN WITH MY...
[AS DIMITRI]
WITH YUGI'S
LEGENDARY CARDS.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?
WHY CAN'T I EVER WIN?
Zane: THE ANSWER
TO THAT IS OBVIOUS.
HUH?
HEY, YOU'RE ZANE!
BIG BRO?!
WHY ARE
YOU GUYS HERE?!
WHY ELSE?
TO SEE THE DECK,
BUT IT WAS GONE.
WE SNUCK INTO
THE EVENT HALL
AND SAW HOW
THE DISPLAY CASE
WAS BROKEN INTO.
WE FIGURED THE THIEF
COULDN'T HAVE
GOTTEN FAR,
SO WE DECIDED TO
TAKE A LOOK AROUND.
WHICH LED US HERE.
WE FOUND YOU A WHILE AGO,
BUT DIDN'T WANT
TO INTERRUPT THE DUEL.
KIND OF YOU.
WAIT, THEN YOU
SAW IT ALL?
ME AND DIMITRI?
THE WHOLE THING?!
NOT JUST US.
YOUR MATCH ATTRACTED
QUITE A BIT OF ATTENTION.
HUH?
WHOA.
UH, HI!
GLAD YOU ALL COULD MAKE IT!
MAN, THAT JADEN
CAN DUEL!
DO YA THINK
HE TUTORS?
I'M FAILING
FUSION!
WHAT NOW?
WELL, KID.
THE PUNISHMENT
FOR STEALING HAS ALWAYS
BEEN CRYSTAL CLEAR--
STRAIGHT-UP EXPULSION.
BUT STILL, SINCE I THINK
PRETTY MUCH EVERYONE HERE
ENJOYED SEEING YUGI'S DECK
IN A DUEL RATHER
THAN A DISPLAY CASE,
I DOUBT ANYONE
WILL TURN YOU IN.
DON'T SWEAT IT,
DIMITRI!
BUT YOU GOTTA TELL US,
HOW YOU WERE SO GOOD
WITH THOSE SPELLCASTERS?!
I'M FAILING THAT,
TOO!
WHAT DIFFERENCE
DOES IT MAKE?
I LOST.
YOU DIDN T LOSE!
THAT PERSON YOU
WERE PRETENDIN'
TO BE DID, DIMITRI!
YUGI?
NAH, BRO!
YOU CAN
NEVER BE YUGI!
THEN WHO WAS I?
WELL, YOU WERE YOU,
BUT YOU WEREN'T.
SEE, WHEN
YA COPY SOMEONE,
IT'S NOT LIKE
YOU'RE THAT PERSON!
YOU'RE YOU COPYING
THAT PERSON, YA KNOW?
HMM. YEAH,
THAT MAKES SENSE, RIGHT?
LET ME ATTEMPT TO
INTERPRET FOR HIM, DIMITRI.
YOU'LL NEVER WIN OR LOSE
UNTIL YOU PUT YOURSELF
OUT THERE,
AND THAT MEANS CREATING
YOUR OWN DECK
AND YOUR OWN STRATEGIES,
NOT PIGGY-BACKING
OFF OF SOMEONE ELSE'S.
AFTER ALL, THERE IS NO AMOUNT
OF STUDYING THAT YOU CAN DO
TO BE ABLE TO USE SOMEONE ELSE'S
DECK AS WELL AS THEY CAN.
YEAH! WHAT ZANE SAID.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I MEANT.
I MEAN, NO OFFENSE,
BUT JUST CUZ I BEAT YOU,
IT DOESN'T MEAN
I COULDA BEAT YUGI.
SO HOW 'BOUT WE PUT
THAT DECK BACK
WHERE IT BELONGS?
YEAH. OK.
WOULD YA LOOK
AT THAT.
EVERYTHING'S BACK
TO NORMAL, HUH?
MM-HMM.
WELL, I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
AS NORMAL AS THINGS
GET AROUND THIS
CRAZY PLACE!
SO ANYWAY, WHAT'S THAT
YOU GOT THERE, JADEN?
WHAT? THIS?
JUST AN AUTOGRAPHED
POSTER OF THE KING
OF GAMES!
OOH.
YEAH, I KNOW.
PRETTY SWEET,
HUH, CHUM?
IT SURE IS.
BUT, UH,
JUST SO YA KNOW...
I HEARD DIMITRI.
HE WAS STILL TALKIN'
IN THE YUGI VOICE
WHEN HE PUT
THAT DECK BACK.
AND THEN HE GOT
INTO THE MERCHANDISE
AND HE HAD A PEN!
Syrus: JADEN!
JAAAAADEN!
WHAT'S UP, SY?
IT'S DIMITRI!
HE'S AT IT AGAIN!
HUH?!
HUH?
Dimitri: I'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR YOU!
AAH! DIMITRI?!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
WHO'S THIS DIMITRI?!
MY NAME IS JADEN,
AND I'M A SLIFER RED!
NOW LISTEN!
WE'RE DUELING,
SO TURN YOUR GAME ON!
AAH!
IT'S "GET YOUR GAME ON!"
SAY IT RIGHT!
YEAH, WHATEVER.
WE'LL SETTLE IT IN A DUEL,
SO LET'S THROW UP!
WAIT, I MEAN
LET'S THROW DOWN.
LOOK, LET'S JUST DUEL!
COME ON!
GET YOUR DECK OUT!
THIS IS GONNA BE SWELL!
IT'S "SWEET!"
AND YOU'RE NOT EVEN CLOSE
TO DOIN' MY POSE RIGHT!
WELL, WHAT'S WRONG?
RELAX YOUR WRIST,
STRAIGHTEN UP
YOUR LEFT LEG,
AND SHOUT
FROM YOUR DIAPHRAGM!
THAT'S SWEET!
I WANT
A CATCH PHRASE.
YEAH, I THINK
I JUST WANT OUTTA HERE.
Dimitri:
BUT I'M YOU.
Jaden: OHH!